Update README (#38)
DevExpress-Examples/devextreme-dropdownbox-search-in-datagrid: README.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # DevExtreme DropDownBox - Search in an Embedded DataGrid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DevExtreme DropDownBox - Search Within an Embedded DataGrid
```

> This example implements a search that filters data in a [DataGrid](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Getting_Started_with_DataGrid/) embedded in a [DropDownBox](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DropDownBox/Getting_Started_with_DropDownBox/) component.

Reviewer: Just to avoid repeating the title

```suggestion
This example implements a search that filters data in a [DataGrid](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Getting_Started_with_DataGrid/) placed into a [DropDownBox](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DropDownBox/Getting_Started_with_DropDownBox/) component.
```

![DropDownBox filtering](./images/dropdownbox-filtering.png)

## Implementation Details

> The example uses three [DropDownBox](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/) event handlers to coordinate search behavior between the input field and the embedded DataGrid.

Reviewer: I'd prefer a stronger synonym here:

```suggestion
The example handles the following [DropDownBox](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/) events to synchronize search behavior between the input field and the embedded DataGrid:
```

> 1. The [onInput](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onInput) handler fires when the user types in the DropDownBox. It opens the dropdown if it is not already open, and filters the DataGrid by updating `dataSource.searchValue()` with the typed text.

Reviewer: The event fires, not its handler :) I also try to avoid gerunds.

```suggestion
1. The [onInput](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onInput) event fires when the user types in the DropDownBox. The event handler opens the dropdown (if it is not already open) and passes the entered text to the Grid's `dataSource.searchValue()` method.
```

> 2. The [onOpened](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onOpened) handler fires when the dropdown opens. It registers a one-time listener on the DataGrid to move focus to it once the grid is ready for keyboard navigation.

Reviewer: This suggestion should be checked for technical accuracy.

```suggestion
2. The [onOpened](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onOpened) event fires when the dropdown opens. The event handler registers a one-time listener on the DataGrid to move focus to the component once the grid is ready for keyboard navigation.
```

> 3. The [onClosed](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onClosed) handler fires when the dropdown closes. It resets the search state: if the typed text does not match a valid selection, the handler either selects the first available row or clears the DropDownBox value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The [onClosed](https://js.devexpress.com/jQuery/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownBox/Configuration/#onClosed) event fires when the dropdown closes. The event handler resets the search state: if the entered text does not match a valid selection, the handler either selects the first available row or clears the DropDownBox value.
```
